# CSE142-Spring2021-Assessment4-Budgeter
Take-home Assessment 4: Budgeter

## Program Behavior
This program prompts a person for income and expense amounts, then calculates their net monthly income. Unlike previous assessments, this program’s behavior is dependent on input from a user (user input is underlined in the examples to the left and on the next page). Your output should match our examples exactly when given the same input, but if the input changes, the output will also. Additional execution logs will be posted on the course website, and you can use the Mark button in Ed to check your output for various inputs.

The program begins with an introductory message that briefly explains the program, then prompts the user for the number of income categories and reads in that many income amounts. Next, the program asks whether the user would like to enter monthly or daily expenses. (The user enters 1 for monthly and 2 for daily.) When entering monthly expenses, the amounts input are the total amount for the month. When entering daily expenses, the amounts input are for a single day, and should be multiplied by the number of days in a month to get the monthly total (see below). The program will then read in a number of expense categories and an amount for each category, similar to how income was read. After reading all the user input, the program should then print out the total amount of income and expenses for the month, as well as the average income and expense per day. You may assume a month has exactly 31 days, though you should use a class constant so that your program can be easily modified to change this assumption (see below). The program should print out whether the user spent or earned more money for the given month and by how much. If income and expenses were exactly equal, the user is considered to have spent $0 more than they earned (as opposed to earning $0 more than they spent).

Finally, the program should print out which category the user falls into based on their net income for the month, where the net income is the result of subtracting the user’s expenses from their income. The category should be followed by a custom message of your choice about the user’s spending habits. This message must be different for each of the four ranges shown below, and should consist of one line of any non-offensive text you choose.

You can read the full specification [here!](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse142/21sp/files/assessments/a4/a4.pdf)
